This is where the fun begins because now we've got access we were Siebel to successfully connect to
YouTube and retrieve back information from YouTube.
So basically this gives us the ability to work with all this information that we've retrieved back and
then make use of it and output it into our web page.
So we see that we've got items and we could loop through the different items and we can get information
here contained within snippet.
So we've got our thumbnails we've got a description we've got a title and we've got an ID so let's add
in all of this information within the results that get returned back.
So this really is the fun part because once you've made that connection that what you want to do with
this data it's really up to you.
It's just open.
You can be created creative as you like presented at a number of different ways within your web page.
So all about are the most important thing is that you establish that connection.
So let's build out a function here.
And let's just call it schul results.
So this is the one where we're going to loop through that data and we're going to make use of the content
of the results.
Now we have a number of options here.
We can just simply do data items if we want.
So this is completely optional because we're only going to make use of the items if we had some pagination
where we've got the next page Tolkin and Page and full.
And if we want to get that information and put it that we could just pass in those data and pick that
up.
Either way it's the same thing.
So this time what I'm going to do is data items because only thing I want to focus on I want to output
all 20 of those items on the web page.
So that's what I really want to do within this lesson.
And again this is optional once you've made that connection once you've got that data it's up to you
how you want to present it.
So let's do show results and let's we can just call this results so we're treating back all of those
results and first saying let's build out let's create a holder for H Tim L because we're going to build
this h him content so create a basic folder for that.
And we know that the results are all of these items.
So the next thing that we can do is let's loop through those so let's do a for loop and we're going
to do for variable value in results so we have a loop through and we're going to get all of those values
that are contained within the results
and next let's just console log to make sure that we're pulling that information in properly.
So we know that we've got all of those entries are in the results.
And let's put the value index so let's try this.
So refresh test and see.
So we're able to pull back all of those results.
So now it's just a matter of picking out what we want and presenting it how we want within our age to.
So let's set up HMO and maybe what we want to do we'll pull this information out separately so set up
some variables.
So to title and we'll do another one.
So variable description usually this is the way that I like to pull out that content because then I
can really grab it and make use of it.
So I know that it's and this is also where the console can come in useful because you can see what you're
returning back here and we know that that content is sitting and snippet that we want to have access
to.
So the title is a value snippet.
And lastly title.
So I want you to do now pause the video and create a variable for the description for the title we already
have one.
And also grab that first thumbnail so grab at least one image thumbnail so pause the video and maneuver
through the returned results and get all of that information and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So we did need that description such as GRABBE description out there.
And lastly let's do one and we're going to call it image.
So this is the thumbnail and we do have a number of different thumbnails so we can just take that default
if we want
so it's a description snippet and we got to make sure we go into thumbnails next.
So this one is pretty deep that we have to go into.
So thumbnails and let's do default Anne's next you are l.
So that will actually give us the URL of the image.
So that's great.
So it looks like we're ready to go to build out our HMO.
So next thing is just to add to our h t m l.
And then lastly we're going to output the results the H to Mel that we've built with this function and
output it into our page.
So maybe for the title.
So let's just say that this all in a div and we're going to wrap it in a div So opening and closing
tags and div So opening and closing divs
and just do the colon there at the end.
So first of all for title let's do an H-3 and we'll break out of it.
So put that the title value in there.
So this is just all really how you want it to look and how you want to present it within your page.
So I've got the title and I'll do a description next.
Let's maybe do a paragraph there.
So that's a description.
And you can get really creative with the CSSA and so on.
In order to present it in a number of ways.
And then lastly let's do the image.
So source for the image
and the source for the image is going to be that you are all so that I am JE
and close off that image tag.
And then lastly let's put that content so document to get element by ID.
And where were outputting it sort out putting it into output 1 the div with the ID of I would put one
so get element by id enter h t Mal and it's going to equal that each time now that we've just built.
So let's refresh it and it looks like there is an error.
So it's probably the courts here.
And yeah it looks like I forgot to add plus there to concatenate it.
So let's try that again.
To test and search.
So there we go.
So we're able to pull back all of those results and we can see them being output on our Web page so
we can also make the videos playable so as long as we get the video I.D. we can add it into our YouTube
to play it.
So there's a number of different options now and we can present it however we want on our page.
So as long as we've got access using AJAX we can simply create this type of stuff within our Web page.
One other thing that I did want to add in and that's within this Querrey.
So right now we're only querying test.
So we need to update that.
So it's actually getting the actual results that we're putting in.
So let's let's update that variable.
So that's variable and Querrey document get element by ID.
Let's go back up and search YouTube is the input value there that we need to grab oh we're already grabbing
it within the search term.
So that was a duplicate there.
So let's grab search term and let's place that in here within our string.
Now the other thing too that I wanted to do is I wanted to encode it in and we saw this earlier where
we encode you our component.
So let's go ahead and do that as well.
So we have an option here we can just do a search term
and let's do you are a component in code and that search term again.
So we just start keeping it within itself so that way we're in coding it.
So that takes care of if we've got any odd characters spaces or whatever.
So let's try test test something like that.
We can also include javascript if we want.
So if one search javascript was law different javascript on their Does go back to test there.
So a lot of really cool things that you can do with in when you grab that information from YouTube.
And when you grab the power that's available within API and using AJAX within your web page so you can
literally look at this content and if you actually go to the source code you can see that all of this
content is actually written on your page.
So that's another really great thing about it is that you're not framing it you're not bringing it in
you're actually you actually have it physically on your page and that means that you can manipulate
how it looks and you can present it in any number of ways using CSSA because this is directly on your
page itself.
And then of course you can select it from the returned results.
What you want to present on your page as well.
So what I want you to do now is take what you've learned in this lesson in the previous one with connecting
to YouTube and try it for yourself.
Get an application working where you can search and also update it so you can change the different number
of results that you are returning and also update it.
So you actually have a link to the YouTube you are l.
So this is all just by using this idea the video ID and linking it to YouTube you can get that ID.
So a number of options.
So go ahead try it out and get familiar with retrieving this information back from Jaison and utilizing
it within your web page.